Are you looking for a new challenge?

Fancy helping us shape the future of motor insurance?

Prima could be the place for you. 

Since 2015, we’ve been using our love of data and tech to rethink motor insurance and bring drivers a great experience at a great price. Our story began in Italy, where we’ve quickly become the number one online motor insurance provider. In fact, we’re trusted by over 5 million drivers. And now we’re expanding to help millions more drivers in the UK and Spain.


To help fuel that growth, we need a Software Engineer- Machine Learning to join our Engineering team.
 
This team is the beating heart of Prima. 
 
You’ll be joining over +350 engineers across software development, infrastructure, operations and security. Fueled by curiosity, experimentation and collaboration, you’ll help deliver scalable, impactful solutions that shape the future of insurance.
 
Excited to make an impact? Here are the details
The team mission is to exploit the power of machine learning to revolutionize the insurance claims process. To help fuel that growth, we need a Software Engineer to join our Claims Machine Learning team.
What you’ll do:
Leverage Machine Learning and advanced data analytics to identify risks and opportunities in our claims management platform.
Analyze and interpret complex data to support the claims management lifecycle.
Contribute directly to the company’s growth and long-term success through actionable insights.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to transform data into intelligence and intelligence into action
What we’re looking for:
Software Engineer First: You’re a strong software engineer at heart: you write clean, maintainable, and production-ready code. While you're comfortable handling data, generating insights, and training machine learning models, you approach these tasks with a software engineering mindset, prioritizing scalability, reliability, and performance. 
Analytical Prowess: Strong quantitative, logical, and analytical skills are essential. At Prima, you'll tackle diverse and stimulating challenges that will put your skills to the test
Strong Python background with hands-on experience in Pandas, Numpy, PyTorch or Tensorflow, Hugging Face and GenAI. 
Proficient with RDBMS ( Postgres )
Broad ML Knowledge: You have a solid grasp of various machine learning paradigms: from classical models to cutting-edge approaches like deep learning, computer vision, and generative AI. You know when and how to apply the right technique to solve real-world problems effectively.
Nice-to-Have:
Have international experience and are fluency in English
Know how to create, manipulate and analyze large datasets
Background in developing applications using Elixir/Rust.
Experience working in a Cloud-based environment ( AWS preferred ) is a plus
Why you’ll love it here:
 
We want to make Prima a happy and empowering place to work. So if you decide to join us, you can expect plenty of perks.
 
🤸 Work Your Way: Enjoy full flexibility – work from home, the office or a mix of both. Plus, work from anywhere for up to 30 days a year.

🏁 Grow with us: We may move fast at Prima, but we move together. Get access to learning resources, mentorship and a growth plan tailored to you.

🌈 Thrive and perform: Your best work begins when you feel your best. Enjoy private healthcare, gym discounts, wellbeing programs and mental health support.

Think you’re a match? Apply now.

 

At Prima, we celebrate uniqueness. If you don’t meet every requirement but are passionate about this role, we still want to hear from you. Innovation thrives on diverse perspectives.

Prima is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. Need accommodations during the process? Email us at accessible.recruiting@prima.it. Let’s build the future of insurance, together.